Objective
In this challenge, we're going to learn about the difference between a class and an instance; because this is an Object
Oriented concept, it's only enabled in certain languages. Check out the Tutorial tab for learning materials and an
instructional video!
Task
Write a Person class with an instance variable, , and a constructor that takes an integer, , as a parameter. The
constructor must assign to after confirming the argument passed asis not negative; if a negative argument is passed as ,
the constructor should set to and print Age is not valid, setting age to 0. . In addition, you must write the following
instance methods:
1. yearPasses() should increase the instance variable by .
2. amIOld() should perform the following conditional actions: If , print You are young. .
If and , print You are a teenager. .
Otherwise, print You are old..
To help you learn by example and complete this challenge, much of the code is provided for you, but you'll be writing
everything in the future. The code that creates each instance of your Person class is in the main method. Don't worry
if you don't understand it all quite yet!
Note: Do not remove or alter the stub code in the editor.
Input Format
Input is handled for you by the stub code in the editor.
The first line contains an integer, (the number of test cases), and the subsequent lines each contain an integer
denoting the of a Person instance.
Constraints
Output Format
Complete the method definitions provided in the editor so they meet the specifications outlined above; the code to
test your work is already in the editor. If your methods are implemented correctly, each test
      case will print or constructor).
Sample Input
4 -1 10 16 18
lines (depending on whether or not a valid
was passed to the
 Sample Output
 Age is not valid, setting age to 0. You are young.
You are young.
You are young.
You are a teenager.
You are a teenager. You are old.
You are old. You are old.
Explanation
Test Case 0:
Because
by the young message. Three years pass and
to and print the "Age is not valid..." message followed , so we print the young message again.
Test Case 2: Because and
Test Case 3: Because
is still old at
, our code should print that the person is a teenager. Three years pass , so we print that the person is old.
, our code should print that the person is old. Three years pass and the person , so we print the old message again.
, our code must set
Test Case 1:
Because , our code should print that the person is young. Three years pass and
, so we print that the person is now a teenager.
The extra line at the end of the output is supposed to be there and is trimmed before being compared against the test
case's expected output. If you're failing this challenge, check your logic and review your print statements for spelling
 errors.